Question01.What is the difference between BETWEEN and IN operators in SQL?
The BETWEEN operator is used to fetch rows based on a range of values.
For example,
SELECT * FROM Students 
WHERE ROLL_NO BETWEEN 20 AND 30;
This query will select all those rows from the table Students where the value of the field ROLL_NO lies between 20 and 30.

IN
The IN operator is used to check for values contained in specific sets.
For example,

SELECT * FROM Students 
WHERE ROLL_NO IN (20,21,23);
This query will select all those rows from the table Students where the value of the field ROLL_NO is either 20 or 21 or 23.


Question2.Write an SQL query to find names of employee start with ‘A’?
SELECT * FROM Employees WHERE EmpName like 'A%' ;


Question3.What do you mean by data definition language?
Data definition language or DDL allows to execute queries like CREATE, DROP and ALTER. That is, those queries which define the data.


Question4.What do you mean by data manipulation language?
Data manipulation Language or DML is used to access or manipulate data in the database.
It allows us to perform below listed functions:
Insert data or rows in database
Delete data from database
Retrieve or fetch data
Update data in database.

Question5.What is the difference between primary key and unique constraints?
Primary key cannot have NULL value, the unique constraints can have NULL values. There is only one primary key in a table, but there can be multiple unique constrains. The primary key creates the cluster index automatically but the Unique key does not.

Question6.What is a view in SQL?
Views in SQL are kind of virtual tables. A view also has rows and columns as they are in a real table in the database. We can create a view by selecting fields from one or more tables present in the database. A View can either have all the rows of a table or specific rows based on certain condition.
The CREATE VIEW statement of SQL is used for creating Views.
Basic Syntax:
CREATE VIEW view_name AS
SELECT column1, column2.....
FROM table_name
WHERE condition;

view_name: Name for the View
table_name: Name of the table
condition: Condition to select rows

Q7.What do you mean by foreign key?
A Foreign key is a field which can uniquely identify each row in another table. And this constraint is used to specify a field as Foreign key. That is, this field points to primary key of another table. This usually creates a kind of link between the two tables.
C
